Vespucci - NWN minimap viewer
=============================

Copyright (c) 2003-2004 John Klar, paladin@projectplasma.com

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl iteself.

The Vespucci project is a utility to render Aurora engine "minimaps".
Aurora is the game engine written by Bioware for their Neverwinter
Nights CRPG.  Vespucci consists of a PerlTk frontend, a set of perl
modules I've written to manage NWN resources, Adam Kennedy's
Config::Tiny and Stephen Liddie's Tk::PhotoRotateSimple.

This script has been tested under perl-5.8.0 on RedHat and ActiveState
Perl 5.8.3 on Win2kpro.

Notes
============
There are a few things to be aware of.  

The Tk::Photo implementation uses a call marked deprecated.
Consequently a flood of "objGlue.c:868: Tcl_ArgResult is deprecated"
messages are spewed to the console.  Other than telling you to
recompile PerlTk, there's not much else I can do to squelch them.

Startup
------------
On startup and module load, Vespucci scans the game resource indicies
and stores selected information in a hash.  There is a LOT of
information, so this will take a bit of time.

If the base directory defined in the config file does not contain the
chitin.key file, the utility will raise an error dialog asking you to
choose a directory that does or exit.

Modules
------------
When a .MOD or .NWM is loaded, first the script scans for non-core
resources and removes them.  Performance of this feature is much
improved due to a new algorithm.

Next it checks to see if it uses any hak's.  If it does, it'll open
and index those as well. 

Options
============
Vespucci will initialize itself from a config file located in
$HOME/.vespucci under Linux or vespucci.ini in the launch directory
under Win32.  On startup, if the utility doesn't find the config file,
it offers to create one from the default values.  You may decline but
it will continue to ask this question every time you start.

If you change any options via the prefs dialog and only Apply them,
the utility will raise a reminder dialog on exit asking you to Save,
Discard, Edit or Cancel (the exit).

The format follows .ini file format:

[section]
keyword=value

The following keywords are defined without a section:

basedir
-------------
The full path to the game installation directory.

Defaults:
 Linux: /usr/local/share/nwn
 Win32: C:/NeverwinterNights/NWN

defsavename
-------------
Enumeration to choose the default image savefile name.
 0 - resref
 1 - Area Name
 2 - Tag

Default: 0
    
defglobalscale
--------------
Size multiplier.  Controls how big the image is when opened.
 0 - half size
 1 - normal
 2 - ...

Default: 1
